Update diagnostic-port details (#45669)
dotnet/docs: docs/core/diagnostics/dotnet-trace.md

  The name of the process to collect the trace from.

  > [!NOTE]
  > On Linux and macOS, using this option requires the target application and `dotnet-trace` to share the same `TMPDIR` environment variable. Otherwise, the command will time out.

- **`--diagnostic-port <port-address[,(listen|connect)]>`**

>   Sets the [diagnostic port](diagnostic-port.md) used to communicate with the process to be traced. dotnet-trace and the .NET runtime inside the target process must agree on the port-address with one listening and the other connecting. dotnet-trace will automatically determine the correct port when attaching using the `--process-id` or `--name` options, or when launching a process using the `-- <command>` option. Specifying the port explicitly is usually only necessary when waiting for a process that will start in the future or communicating to a process that is running inside a container that isn't part of the current process namespace.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Sets the [diagnostic port](diagnostic-port.md) used to communicate with the process to be traced. dotnet-trace and the .NET runtime inside the target process must agree on the port-address, with one listening and the other connecting. dotnet-trace automatically determines the correct port when attaching using the `--process-id` or `--name` options, or when launching a process using the `-- <command>` option. It's usually only necessary to specify the port explicitly when waiting for a process that will start in the future or communicating to a process that is running inside a container that isn't part of the current process namespace.
```

  The `port-address` differs by OS:

>   - Linux and macOS - path to a Unix domain socket such as `/foo/tool1.socket`

Reviewer: ```suggestion

  - Linux and macOS - a path to a Unix domain socket such as `/foo/tool1.socket`.
```

>   - Windows - a path to a named pipe such as `\\.\pipe\my_diag_port1`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Windows - a path to a named pipe such as `\\.\pipe\my_diag_port1`.
```

  - Android, iOS, and tvOS - an IP:port such as `127.0.0.1:9000`.
  

>   By default dotnet-trace will listen at the specified address. You may request dotnet-trace to connect instead by appending `,connect` after the address. For example `--diagnostic-port /foo/tool1.socket,connect` will connect to a .NET runtime process that is listening to the `/foo/tool1.socket` unix domain socket.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  By default, `dotnet-trace` listens at the specified address. You can request `dotnet-trace` to connect instead by appending `,connect` after the address. For example, `--diagnostic-port /foo/tool1.socket,connect` will connect to a .NET runtime process that is listening to the `/foo/tool1.socket` Unix domain socket.
```

>   See [Use diagnostic port to collect a trace from app startup](#use-diagnostic-port-to-collect-a-trace-from-app-startup) to learn how to use this option to collect a trace from app startup.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  To learn how to use this option to collect a trace from app startup, see [Use diagnostic port to collect a trace from app startup](#use-diagnostic-port-to-collect-a-trace-from-app-startup).
```
